# User Needs, Benchmarking, and Requirement
* After reading several product reviews, the team came up with the user needs list. We learned what the user needs in a product. Users need a product that works, easy to use with simple instructions, and does what it is meant for. Then, we sorted the user needs into five categories: pricing, features, user-friendliness, design, and safety. Users need a product that has the features they are looking for, safe to use, stable connection, and at a reasonable price. 

##Helicopter Umbrella Hat
Date of Creation: 1/17/2024
Version 1.0
Introduction
Who-wa-way was among the first truly beat pad sleeves and generated excessive demand with sales units in just the first year after launch. These will be backed by technological developments such as the microcontroller chip, Cypress CY8C4146FN PSoC, dual beam-forming microphones, Bluetooth 5.2, iOS Bluebonnet, force-sensitive resistors, gyroscopes, and IR proximity sensors.
Objectives
With Project Hestia, the goal is to create something that prevents moisture and detects temperature during outdoor activities. It is designed for those with weak limbs who want something to stand out from the common masses.

Stakeholders & Target group: Plants Lovers, and plant researcher
Target purchaser: Plant lovers, people who don’t have time to take care of their plants
Customer service: Prefers affordable, comfortable products, and user-friendly experiences.
Marketing & Sales division. Unique selling point with nothing seen in the market before. 
Retailers. Prefer products that can withstand a variety of environments, catalog based.
Regulatory instances: 
ASU policy
NWSI 10-1302: Requirements and Standards for NWS Climate Observations
NWSI 10-1305: Observational Quality Control - General
NWSI 10-1307: Cooperative Station Management and Operations
NWSI 10-1310: Claims for On-the-Job Injuries to Contract/Cooperative Observers
NWSI 10-1314: Cooperative Observer Awards
NWSM 10-1315: Cooperative Station Observations and Maintenance
NWSI 10-940: Hydrologic Data Network Services
NWSI 10-10: Climate Services
Common Sense
Use Cases
User Story #1: Ethan Conner (AI)
Once upon a time, there was a man named Ethan Conner who loved gardens but had a hard time remembering to water them. One day, he decided to invest in a smart flower pot that would help him take care of his plants. The pot was equipped with sensors that could detect the moisture level of the soil, the amount of sunlight the plant was receiving, and the temperature of the environment.
Ethan was thrilled with his new purchase and immediately planted a Chrysanthemum in the pot. He was amazed at how quickly the plant began to grow and how green it looked in person. The smart flower pot would send him notifications on his phone when the plant needed water or when it was getting too much sunlight.
Ethan was so impressed with the smart flower pot that he decided to buy more and expand his new garden. He spent hours every day tending to his plants and watching them grow. He even started to experiment with different types of plants and flowers to see which ones would thrive in the smart flower pots.
One day, Ethan’s neighbor came over to admire his garden. She was so impressed with the smart flower pots that she decided to buy one for herself. Ethan was happy to know that his neighbors also had a hard time making time for plants and excitedly explained the setup process.
From that day on, Ethan’s garden became the focal point of his village. People would come from all over to see his beautiful plants and flowers. Ethan was proud of what he had accomplished and was grateful for the smart flower pot that had helped him achieve his dream of opening a garden.
User Story #2: Sarah (AI)
Sarah loved gardening but she didn’t have a green thumb. She invested in a smart flower pot that could detect the moisture level of the soil, the amount of sunlight the plant was receiving, and the temperature of the environment. The pot would send her notifications on her phone when the plant needed water or when it was getting too much sunlight. Sarah was thrilled with her new purchase and planned to defend her home from the zombie horde.

Aspects
1. 	Product Design
The new product design will be based on that of the Umbrella Hat with improvements based on the following requirements:’
1.1  Water-Resistant design
1.2 Reasonable size for battery capacity
1.3 Onion ring design
1.4 Compact and portable design
1.5 Modularity for additional sensor integration

2   	Functionality
2.1 Temperature Sensor
2.3 Wind Speed
2.4 Humidity Sensor
2.5 Waterproof
2.6 Easy Setup
2.7 Protection Layer
2.8 Deicing
2.9 Emergency Alerts
2.10 Compatibility
3   	Interactivity
3.1  WiFi  Connection
4   	Adaptive Intelligence
4.1 Protect yourself from getting sunburn
5   	Customization
5.1 Onion rings print
5.2 RGB Light
5.3 Color Customization
6   	Manufacturing
6.1 Water-resistant materials such as nylon will be used for the umbrella.
6.2 A microcontroller that can be used for inputting the sensor’s signal and output the information.
6.3 Cost must be lower than the selling price.


Open Questions
Can we improve the battery life if we use drones?
Can our design both open and close the umbrella autonomously?
Can we have good WiFi connection?

Milestones
Concept presentation: Feb 14
Design presentation: Mar 29
Design freeze: n/A
Planned release: August 2024.5
 



User Needs and Benchmarking

Lana Harkin, Ethan Conner, LuYan Tan, Maryam Younan
Assignment details:
https://embedded-systems-design.bitbucket.io/314/314-team-03-user-needs-benchmarking-and-requirements/

Identify User Needs:
 Accurate temperature sensing
 Accurate humidity sensing
 Reliable internet connectivity
 Clear and intuitive user interface
 Modularity for additional sensor integration
 Stable connectivity over WiFi using MQTT
 Energy-efficient operation
 User-friendly navigation
 Compact and portable design
 Basic weather prediction indicators
 Historical data logging
 Analysis features for data interpretation
 Durability for outdoor use
 Resistance to various weather conditions
 Long battery life
 Easy system setup
 Integration of wind speed data
 Display of sensed data on the device
 Notification alerts for extreme conditions
 User-controlled sensor calibration
 Quick response to changing environmental conditions
 Adaptable outdoor use
 Minimal maintenance requirements
 Compatibility with common mobile devices
 Affordable for a wide range of users
 Time synchronization for accurate timestamping
 Transparent data transmission processes
 Minimalistic design for aesthetic appeal
 Ergonomic and comfortable to wear or carry
 Low latency in data transmission
 Accessibility features for users with disabilities
 Inclusion of troubleshooting guides
 Water-resistant design
 GPS functionality for location-specific data
 Visual and audible feedback for user actions
 Real-time clock for timestamp accuracy
 Lightweight for extended wear
 Acceptable Pricing
 Reasonable size for battery space
 Portability 
 Aesthetically Pleasing
 Alert function
 Bright screen for readability
 Stable connection
 Reliable readings
 Stable while using other apps
 Accurate wind direction
 Accurate wind speed reading
 Built-in compass to know wind direction
 Easy to use
 Clear directions to use
 Affordable
 Good quality
 Hard casing
 Reliable software program
 Emergency alert system
 Protection Layer
 Armour plating
 DEICING
 Onion ring design
